README.md, before:

# Homebrew Core
Core formulae for the Homebrew package manager.

## How do I install these formulae?
Just `brew install <formula>`. This is the default tap for Homebrew and is installed by default.

## Troubleshooting
First, please run `brew update` (twice) and `brew doctor`.

Second, read the [Troubleshooting Checklist](https://docs.brew.sh/Troubleshooting.html).

**If you don’t read these it will take us far longer to help you with your problem.**

## Contributing
Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Creating new formulae, updating existing ones, and fixing build issues is easier than you think!

Try `brew edit $FORMULA` and see how you fare.

## Documentation
`brew help`, `man brew`, [Homebrew/brew's README](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew#homebrew) or check [Homebrew's documentation](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/tree/master/docs#readme).

## Who Are You?
Homebrew/homebrew-core's lead maintainer is [ilovezfs](https://github.com/ilovezfs).

Homebrew/homebrew-core's other current maintainers are [Mike McQuaid](https://github.com/mikemcquaid), [FX Coudert](https://github.com/fxcoudert), [JCount](https://github.com/jcount), [Misty De Meo](https://github.com/mistydemeo) and [Tom Schoonjans](https://github.com/tschoonj).

## License
Code is under the [BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

README: point to Homebrew/brew README.
Point out the sections that are there so people know to go look there.

README.md, after:

# Homebrew Core
Core formulae for the Homebrew package manager.

## How do I install these formulae?
Just `brew install <formula>`. This is the default tap for Homebrew and is installed by default.

## Troubleshooting
First, please run `brew update` and `brew doctor`.

Second, read the [Troubleshooting Checklist](https://docs.brew.sh/Troubleshooting.html).

**If you don't read these it will take us far longer to help you with your problem.**

## More Documentation, Contributing, Security, Community, Donations and Sponsors
See these sections in [Homebrew/brew's README](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew#homebrew).

## Who Are You?
Homebrew/homebrew-core's lead maintainer is [ilovezfs](https://github.com/ilovezfs).

Homebrew/homebrew-core's other current maintainers are [Mike McQuaid](https://github.com/mikemcquaid), [FX Coudert](https://github.com/fxcoudert), [JCount](https://github.com/jcount), [Misty De Meo](https://github.com/mistydemeo) and [Tom Schoonjans](https://github.com/tschoonj).

## License
Code is under the [BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).
